Core: Add option to change html lang (#34501)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/main-config/main-config-html-lang.mdx

---
title: 'htmlLang'
sidebar:
  order: 12
  title: htmlLang
---

Parent: [main.js|ts configuration](./main-config.mdx)

Type: `string`

Default: `'en'`

> Sets the [`lang` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/lang) of Storybook's HTML documents (both the manager and the preview). Useful for declaring the language of the page when your stories are written in a language other than English.

Reviewer: I had initially misunderstood the scope of your PR and didn't think to check the manager `lang`, but we only want users to be able to edit the preview `lang`, where their content lives.

The Storybook UI is unequivocally in English. We have plenty of ARIA labels throughout the app, and changing the manager UI language will cause screenreaders to mispronounce them, resulting in accessibility issues.

Could you please only apply the parameter to the preview and adjust this doc to match?

```suggestion
Sets the [`lang` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/lang) of the Storybook preview. Useful for declaring the language of the page when your stories are written in a language other than English.
```

Author: Thank you, I fixed it!

{/* prettier-ignore-start */}

<CodeSnippets path="main-config-html-lang.md" />

> {/* prettier-ignore-end */}

Reviewer: @jonniebigodes should we add a Callout under this to tell users to use a decorator with a `lang` div if they need to support multiple languages / different languages per story?

Reviewer 2: @Sidnioulz, I would like that very much. @mehm8128, can you adjust this and include the callout as @Sidnioulz mentioned?
